AD-Spanning/README.md, before:

# Usage Guide

## PREREQUISITES

Installation has a dependency on Terraform being installed and configured for the user tenancy.   As such an "env-vars" file is included with this package that contains all the necessary environment variables.  This file should be updated with the appropriate values prior to installation.  To source this file prior to installation, either reference it in your .rc file for your shell's or run the following:

        source env-vars

## Scaling 

Modify the env-vars file prior to deployment and modify the number of workers to scale your cluster dynamically.  You can also scale the number of Utility or Master hosts if you want additional redundancy.  Automated redundancy for Cloudera Manager is NOT currently included in this template.

## Password & User Details

Modify the script startup.sh and look for the MAIN CLUSTER CONFIGURATION section - this is which you can input your contact information, and set up the Cloudera Manager credentials prior to deployment.

## Deployment

Deploy using standard Terraform commands

        terraform init && terraform plan && terraform apply

## Post Deployment

Post deployment is automated using a scripted process that uses the Bash and Cloudera Manager API via Python.  Clusters are preconfigured with tunings based around instance type (in the cmx.py script).  Log in to the Bastion host after Terraform completes, then run the following commands to watch installation progress.  The public IP will output as a result of the Terraform completion:

        ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa opc@<public_ip_of_bastion>
        sudo su -
        screen -r

Cluster provisioning can take up to half an hour.  After SCM setup is complete, you can monitor progress  directly using the Cloudera Manager UI.  The URL for this is also output as part of the Terraform provisioning process.

## Security and Post-Deployment Auditing

Note that as part of this deployment, ssh keys are used for root level access to provisioned hosts in order to setup software.  The key used is the same as the OPC user which has super-user access to the hosts by default.   If enhanced security is desired, then the following steps should be taken after the Cluster is up and running:

Remove ssh private keys from the Bastion and Utility hosts

        rm -f /home/opc/.ssh/id_rsa

Replace the authorized_keys file in /root/.ssh/ on all hosts with the backup copy

        sudo mv /root/.ssh/authorized_keys.bak /root/.ssh/authorized_keys

Commit message:

Updated README for Data Tiering support. .

AD-Spanning/README.md, after:

# Usage Guide

## PREREQUISITES

Installation has a dependency on Terraform being installed and configured for the user tenancy.   As such an "env-vars" file is included with this package that contains all the necessary environment variables.  This file should be updated with the appropriate values prior to installation.  To source this file prior to installation, either reference it in your .rc file for your shell's or run the following:

        source env-vars

## Scaling 

Modify the env-vars file prior to deployment and modify the number of workers to scale your cluster dynamically.  You can also scale the number of Utility or Master hosts if you want additional redundancy.  Automated redundancy for Cloudera Manager is NOT currently included in this template.

## Data Tiering

Data Tiering support is now automated.   Go to the top level scripts directory and modify disk_setup.sh prior to deployment.   You will find the option:

	enable_data_tiering="0"

Simply change the 0 to a 1 and run your deployment.   Also ensure you have Heterogenous storage configured, by using Bare Metal shapes and enabling Block Volumes using block.tf.  This will allow for a much greater control of HDFS storage density without having to scale the number of Worker nodes in the cluster.

## Password & User Details

Modify the script startup.sh and look for the MAIN CLUSTER CONFIGURATION section - this is which you can input your contact information, and set up the Cloudera Manager credentials prior to deployment.

## Deployment

Deploy using standard Terraform commands

        terraform init && terraform plan && terraform apply

## Post Deployment

Post deployment is automated using a scripted process that uses the Bash and Cloudera Manager API via Python.  Clusters are preconfigured with tunings based around instance type (in the cmx.py script).  Log in to the Bastion host after Terraform completes, then run the following commands to watch installation progress.  The public IP will output as a result of the Terraform completion:

        ssh -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa opc@<public_ip_of_bastion>
        sudo su -
        screen -r

Cluster provisioning can take up to half an hour.  After SCM setup is complete, you can monitor progress  directly using the Cloudera Manager UI.  The URL for this is also output as part of the Terraform provisioning process.

## Security and Post-Deployment Auditing

Note that as part of this deployment, ssh keys are used for root level access to provisioned hosts in order to setup software.  The key used is the same as the OPC user which has super-user access to the hosts by default.   If enhanced security is desired, then the following steps should be taken after the Cluster is up and running:

Remove ssh private keys from the Bastion and Utility hosts

        rm -f /home/opc/.ssh/id_rsa

Replace the authorized_keys file in /root/.ssh/ on all hosts with the backup copy

        sudo mv /root/.ssh/authorized_keys.bak /root/.ssh/authorized_keys
