README.md, before:

# oci-quickstart-cloudera
This is a Terraform module that deploys [Cloudera Enterprise Data Hub](https://www.cloudera.com/products/enterprise-data-hub.html) on [Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)](https://cloud.oracle.com/en_US/cloud-infrastructure).  It is developed jointly by Oracle and Cloudera.

## Deployment Information
The following table shows Recommended and Minimum supported OCI shapes for each cluster role:

|             | Worker Nodes   | Bastion Instance | Utility and Master Instances |
|-------------|----------------|------------------|------------------------------|
| Recommended | BM.DenseIO2.52 | VM.Standard2.4   | VM.Standard2.16              |
| Minimum     | VM.Standard2.8 | VM.Standard2.1   | VM.Standard2.8               |

## Resource Manager Deployment
Using [OCI Resource Manager](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/ResourceManager/Concepts/resourcemanager.htm) makes deployment quite easy.  Simply [download the .zip](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/zipball/resource-manager) and follow the [Resource Manager instructions](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/ResourceManager/Tasks/usingconsole.htm) for how to build a stack.  Prior to building the Stack, you may want to modify some parts of the deployment detailed in the sections below.

Alternatively you can also use a schema file to make setting deployment variables much easier.   In order to leverage this feature, the GitHub zipball must be re-packaged so that it's contents are top-level prior to creating the ORM Stack.  This is a straight forward process:
```
unzip oci-quickstart-cloudera*.zip
cd oci-quickstart-cloudera-<TAB_COMPLETE>
zip -r oci-quickstart-cloudera.zip *
```

Use the oci-quickstart-cloudera.zip file created in the last step to create the ORM Stack.

## Python Deployment using cm_client
The deployment script "deploy_on_oci.py" uses cm_client against Cloudera Manger API v31.  As such it does require some customization before execution.  Reference the header section in the script, it is highly encouraged you modify the following variables before deployment:

	admin_user_name
	admin_password

In addition, advanced customization of the cluster deployment can be done by modification of the following functions:

	setup_mgmt_rcg
	update_cluster_rcg_configuration

This does require some knowledge of Python and Cloudera configuration - modify at your own risk.  These functions contain Cloudera specific tuning parameters as well as host mapping for roles.

## Kerberos Secure Cluster option

This automation supports using a local KDC deployed on the Cloudera Manager instance for secure cluster operation.  Please read the scripts [README](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/scripts/README.md) for information regarding how to set these parameters prior to deployment.

Also - for cluster management, you will need to manually create at a minimum the HDFS Superuser Principal as [detailed here](https://www.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/latest/topics/cm_sg_using_cm_sec_config.html#create-hdfs-superuser) after deployment.

Enabling Kerberos is managed using a terraform metadata tag "deployment_type".   Setting this value to "secure" will enable cluster security as part of the setup process.  Changing this to "simple" will deploy an unsecured cluster.  By default this value is set to "simple" for speed of deployment and ease of use for those not familiar with secure cluster operation.

## High Availability

High Availability is also offered as part of the deployment process.  When secure cluster operation is chosen this is enabled by default.  It can be disabled by either changing the deployment_type to "simple", or modifying the [deploy_on_oci.py](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/scripts/deploy_on_oci.py#L60) script and changing the value for "hdfs_ha".

## Metadata and MySQL

You can customize the default root password for MySQL by editing the source script [cms_mysql.sh](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/scripts/cms_mysql.sh#L188).  For the various Cloudera databases, random passwords are generated and used.  These are stored in a flat file on the Utility host for use at deployment time.

## Object Storage Integration
???LINES MISSING
Here is a diagram showing what is deployed using this template.   Note that resources are automatically distributed among Fault Domains in an Availability Domain to ensure fault tolerance.   Additional workers deployed will stripe between the 3 fault domains in sequence starting with the Fault Domain 1 and incrementing sequentially.

![Deployment Architecture Diagram](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/images/deployment_architecture.png)

Commit message:

Removed deployment_type, changed to secure_cluster.  This now allows independent control of HDFS HA and Secure Cluster options during deployment.

README.md, after:

# oci-quickstart-cloudera
This is a Terraform module that deploys [Cloudera Enterprise Data Hub](https://www.cloudera.com/products/enterprise-data-hub.html) on [Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)](https://cloud.oracle.com/en_US/cloud-infrastructure).  It is developed jointly by Oracle and Cloudera.

## Deployment Information
The following table shows Recommended and Minimum supported OCI shapes for each cluster role:

|             | Worker Nodes   | Bastion Instance | Utility and Master Instances |
|-------------|----------------|------------------|------------------------------|
| Recommended | BM.DenseIO2.52 | VM.Standard2.4   | VM.Standard2.16              |
| Minimum     | VM.Standard2.8 | VM.Standard2.1   | VM.Standard2.8               |

## Resource Manager Deployment
Using [OCI Resource Manager](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/ResourceManager/Concepts/resourcemanager.htm) makes deployment quite easy.  Simply [download the .zip](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/zipball/resource-manager) and follow the [Resource Manager instructions](https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Content/ResourceManager/Tasks/usingconsole.htm) for how to build a stack.  Prior to building the Stack, you may want to modify some parts of the deployment detailed in the sections below.

Alternatively you can also use a schema file to make setting deployment variables much easier.   In order to leverage this feature, the GitHub zipball must be re-packaged so that it's contents are top-level prior to creating the ORM Stack.  This is a straight forward process:
```
unzip oci-quickstart-cloudera*.zip
cd oci-quickstart-cloudera-<TAB_COMPLETE>
zip -r oci-quickstart-cloudera.zip *
```

Use the oci-quickstart-cloudera.zip file created in the last step to create the ORM Stack.

## Python Deployment using cm_client
The deployment script "deploy_on_oci.py" uses cm_client against Cloudera Manger API v31.  As such it does require some customization before execution.  Reference the header section in the script, it is highly encouraged you modify the following variables before deployment:

	admin_user_name
	admin_password

In addition, advanced customization of the cluster deployment can be done by modification of the following functions:

	setup_mgmt_rcg
	update_cluster_rcg_configuration

This does require some knowledge of Python and Cloudera configuration - modify at your own risk.  These functions contain Cloudera specific tuning parameters as well as host mapping for roles.

## Kerberos Secure Cluster option

This automation supports using a local KDC deployed on the Cloudera Manager instance for secure cluster operation.  Please read the scripts [README](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/scripts/README.md) for information regarding how to set these parameters prior to deployment.

Also - for cluster management, you will need to manually create at a minimum the HDFS Superuser Principal as [detailed here](https://www.cloudera.com/documentation/enterprise/latest/topics/cm_sg_using_cm_sec_config.html#create-hdfs-superuser) after deployment.

Enabling Kerberos is managed using a terraform metadata tag "secure_cluster"   Setting this value to "True" will enable cluster security as part of the setup process.  Changing this to "False" will deploy an unsecured cluster.
  
## High Availability

High Availability for HDFS services is also offered as part of the deployment process.  This can be toggled during the installation process by setting the value to "True".

## Metadata and MySQL

You can customize the default root password for MySQL by editing the source script [cms_mysql.sh](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/scripts/cms_mysql.sh#L188).  For the various Cloudera databases, random passwords are generated and used.  These are stored in a flat file on the Utility host for use at deployment time.

## Object Storage Integration
???LINES MISSING
Here is a diagram showing what is deployed using this template.   Note that resources are automatically distributed among Fault Domains in an Availability Domain to ensure fault tolerance.   Additional workers deployed will stripe between the 3 fault domains in sequence starting with the Fault Domain 1 and incrementing sequentially.

![Deployment Architecture Diagram](https://github.com/oracle/oci-quickstart-cloudera/blob/master/images/deployment_architecture.png)
